welcome to the laugh-out-loud Comedy
Hour I'm your host Rodney Brown it's a
crazy night out here we're gonna have
some great comedians you know this is
hard doing this show small budget so I
had to come out here to the theater and
cheat a little bit and get the band the
place that we have some music to go
underneath puppet but I'm not really
nervous that could be me they applauded
for but I think it's comedians so let's
go to them right now
the laugh out loud comedy our Friday
night Battle Creek Michigan yeehaw now
are you in a good mood oh I am damn glad
to be here I'll tell you why because I
just spent two whole weeks working in
the state of Wisconsin you've been there
not a real exciting place not like right
here when you're traveling through the
state of Wisconsin all you see are three
things places that sell cheese places
that sell fireworks and adult video
stores I don't know what the hell
they're state slogan is but it should be
welcome to Wisconsin where we make
cherry bombs cheddar and getting off
better and they have a lot of those
adult video stores I'm not kidding I saw
one area where they had adult video
store adult video store adult video
store Hand Surgery Center
a lot of perverts with the carpal tunnel
there so my name is Christine Steadman
I'm from st. Louis Missouri where I work
part-time as a Hooters girl and you look
surprised you know somebody has got to
cook those damn chicken wings all right
cause what I am NOT a Hooters girl
anymore but I've had some interesting
jobs before I got into comedy I spent
five years working in a drug and alcohol
rehab unit of a hospital I think you
know the kind of place I'm talking about
and then uh before then it was an
abandon you may have heard of us the
Monistat 7 hey hey hey we were burning
up the charts overriding guys have no
idea what that means
but they're into the find out I'll tell
you that he's like I don't get it you
know you don't really want it
another job I had seriously another job
I had you might recognize me to be on
that TV show Baywatch anybody who said
David Hasselhoff you know what the truth
is I've never even seen that show
Baywatch oh hell no with a life like
mine who has time for TV I mean first of
all I'm married with children we all
live in this old house which is way
beyond any type of home improvement and
when it comes to family matters of only
my husband his mama's family and all my
children would just get smart realize
I'm the one who's the boss we wouldn't
have a Family Feud every 60 minutes well
thank you but it gets much worse now I
have a young and restless son Regis
Geraldo Montel who stays up all night in
the bathroom trying out different
strokes yeah I'm afraid his 20/20 vision
is in jeopardy then I have a very very
blonde daughter Ricki Sally Jesse Oprah
hooah
during the Wonder Years up until the
time she began the blossom it's pretty
much out there in another world but now
that she's grown up to be bold and
beautiful she's playing that dating game
and her current affair just happens to
be some bozo who's one of America's Most
Wanted
yeah tells her he likes her mind and not
her body but I think that's a bunch of
bull Winkle oh yeah I think he's far
more interested in those twin peaks and
he is that empty nasty
you know I'm tired of her being singled
out by these Men Behaving Badly I'd like
to see her someone out and play that
newlywed game but she assures me she
will not get on the love line make a
love connection with any of these studs
unless the price is right yeah way I see
it my kids may not spread their wings
leave this full house go out into the
real world until they're 30-something if
that's a case you might as well just
shoot me but to keep from going totally
Looney Tunes in my prime time I have
come up with a plan I'm gonna take this
comedy on the road maybe relocate to
that nine oh two one oh zip code check
out the lifestyles of the rich and
famous and hopefully have a few happy
days before I turn into one of those
damned ol Golden Girls song last time
for TV right I take off my bride poke
myself right in the knees not that funny
not easy finding bras a fit when you
wear a size 38 long just oh you're
getting warm aren't you sir I see you
staring at my knees you want me don't ya
I can tell actually I did just get my
breasts too large for only $10 I did it
steady getting silicone put on the
inside I got silly putty stuck on the
outside see that we can have any size or
shape you will hunt but it really sucks
if you fall asleep naked on a newspaper
I am I had one droopy Snoopy you know
what I'm saying that that's not a good
look right there
people say weird things stupid things
I have a daughter keeps having babies
has won almost every year she called me
today she goes mom guess what I'm
pregnant again you know there must be
something in the air I'm like yeah your
legs
I swear I'm getting her fixed get her
legs cut off
so look like a weeble then who would
want her okay